
What you need to do prior to mailing us with bug reports
--------------------------------------------------------

  These advices are given to speed up bugfixing and prevent redundant
  reports.  Please follow them to help us work more efficiently.

  . Make sure you are using the latest available snapshot.  New
    snapshots are made available anytime some bugfix or improvement is
    committed into the project.  Actually, the authoritative source for
    snapshots is here:

    http://qolsr.lri.fr/code

  . If the bug you are willing to report is static (i.e. happens during
    or prior to compilation), please attach the configure log (config.log)
    and the output of the compiler.

  . If the bug is dynamic, please start the program with the following
    options in addition to the options you want to use:

    qolsrd --dump-all --all-file=trace.out -v -v -v ...

    Here ... stands for your usual options.  This has the effect to dump
    tons of potentially useful information into the file named trace.out .
    An additional effect is that the program runs in the foreground.  If
    this happens to prevent the bug from appearing, please start the
    program in the following way:

    strace -t -f -o trace.out qolsrd ...

    Again, ... stands for your usual options.  The strace program must
    be available on your computer.  This dumps all the system calls made
    by the program during its execution and may help to pinpoint the
    problem, without interfering with the program's normal operation.  If
    you have trouble stopping the program when run this way, suspend it
    (usually Ctrl-Z suspends), kill the program (here qolsrd and not
    strace) and then resume the suspended task (using the fg command
    should work).

  . Dynamic bugs are often tightly related to the configuration of the
    network on which the program is run.  Please include a description
    of the topology and possibly topology change that leads to the faulty
    behavior, along with the addresses used on each node.  Qolyester is
    nowadays distributed with a testing platform that allows running an
    arbitraty setup on the same host.  Since this testing platform is not
    yet fully functional, we do not make much fuss around it.  Stay tuned
    for more information.


Known bugs
----------

 * When the daemon crashes or gets killed by SIGQUIT, it does not
   clean the routing tables.  This is a feature.

 * Some old versions of doxygen choke on the code and segfault.  If
   this is your case, a simple upgrade should make it.  This is why
   documentation generation with doxygen is disabled by default and one
   has to use the --enable-doxygen flag to enable it explicitly.

 * This should be taken care of, but I don't see any good way to solve
   it: g++-2.9x is not conforming to the standard and its version of
   the STL is not declared inside ::std.  For this reason, anytime the
   compiler sees std::set it changes it to set and thus confuses it
   with the ::olsr::set namespace and refuses to compile.
